Added supported field types (#712)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _opensearch/supported-field-types/autocomplete.md

---
layout: default
title: Autocomplete field types
nav_order: 50
has_children: true
has_toc: false
parent: Supported field types
---

# Autocomplete field types

The following table lists all autocomplete field types that OpenSearch supports.

Field data type | Description
:--- | :---  

> [`completion`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/supported-field-types/completion/) | A completion suggester that provides auto-complete functionality using prefix completion. You need to upload a list of all possible completions into the index before using this feature.

Reviewer: Does autocomplete need a hyphen here?
```suggestion
[`completion`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/supported-field-types/completion/) | A completion suggester that provides autocomplete functionality using prefix completion. You need to upload a list of all possible completions into the index before using this feature.
```
